# Python
The mice assignment asked us to display a certain message (3 Blind Mice) in a certain display using Python. We had certain restrictions which asked us to use the \n and \t commands, one print function, and to create the number 3 as a variable. Given this, I decided to approach this by getting the value 3 as a result of a calculation, and then plugging this sum into my print. I know that I can use one print function to print out whatever words I want, and that I can use \n and \t to help reposition these words. In this case, set my equation to be a simple 1 + 2, and then name the sum of these two numbers the amount of mice there are (how_many_blind_mice_there_are). I would then plug this into my print function. Given that 3 is the first character in the goal message, I am able to tell my code to print the sum of one + two = how_many_blind_mice_there_are as the first character, explaining the first part of my print(f"{how_many_blind_mice_there_are}). In order to get the subsequent words, I knew that I had to print "Blind" one row down and one column over. In order to do this, I used \n\tBlind. The \n command creates a new line, and the \t command shifts the subsequent print over one tab/column. This is how I got my code up to print(f"{how_many_blind_mice_there_are}\n\tBlind. Whenever you use the \n command, the cursor will reset to the far left of the column, so you must put \n before \t if you want lateral movement. This became a problem for me when I went to print "Mice." The final word is another row down and another column over from "Blind," which led me to repeat one \n and one \t command. However, I realized that the \n brought me back to the far left of the row, so only one \t only brought my "Mice" to be right below "Blind," rather than a row down and column over. I simply fixed this by adding another \t, which gave me my solution of print(f"{how_many_blind_mice_there_are}\n\tBlind\n\t\tMice").
