# Scratch Movie
**Adler Hermann**

# Documentation outline

In this project, I took two sprites, Gobo and Cheese Puffs, and created a little game of chase for the player to play.
When you press the Green Flag, Gobo makes a noise, changes expression, rotates 30 degrees counterclockwise, and creates a Cheese Puffs clone. I did this using the Green Flag event code, the pop sound code, the next costume looks code, the turn cc 30 degrees motion code, the create clone control code, and finally the stop this script control code.
Where the chase begins to take form is in the response. My second script, in response to the first script, starts with the creation of a Cheese Puff clone from the previous script. When a new clone is created using the When I start as Clone event, this script then teleports that Cheese Puffs Sprite to a random location using the go to random position motion. This then leads to a condition control. This code states that If touching Gobo, using the touch sensing, then Cheese Puffs changes color effect by 60, using the change color look. If the Cheese Puffs don't touch Gobo, then the color effect is set to zero, and a clone of Gobo is created. This overall means that if the Cheese Puffs move to touch Gobo, then they turn Green, and almost in a sense means the Cheese Puffs win. If they do not touch Gobo, then Gobo is cloned, giving him the advantage and then the next script takes effect.
Script 3 finally brings the chase aspect full circle, allowing Gobo to move. Script 3 starts off when the Space Bar is pressed, as our starting event. This leads to Gobo waiting 1 second under the wait control, then glides for 1 second to a random position using motion code. Another condition is then implemented. If Gobo glides to a position touching Cheese Puffs through sensing code, Gobo will say Hello with the speech bubble look code, and then the counter variable will increase by 1, in a sense granting a point for Gobo. If Gobo does not land on a spot touching Cheese Puffs, then he says Hmm... with the speech bubble look code, and the counter variable proceeds to decrease by 1, taking a point away from Gobo. This is where the script ends.
This ultimately leads to a game that looks like this: The player can control 2 characters. These characters, Gobo and Cheese Puffs, essentially compete in a game seeing if Cheese Puffs can avoid Gobo. When the Green Flag is pressed, Gobo will display a little bit of animation, by moving, changing expression and even making a popping noise. At the same time, a clone of Cheese Puffs is created. When this clone is created, it appears in a random location. If that location is on top of wherever Gobo is, then the Cheese Puffs will turn green, mocking Gobo. If the Cheese Puffs miss, however, Gobo is cloned, allowing it a greater chance of hitting Cheese Puffs back. In order to control Gobo's directional movement, you use the space bar. When the space bar is pressed, Gobo will move somewhere random. If Gobo moves to where it is touching Cheese Puffs, then Gobo will say Hello to the Cheese Puffs, and gain a point. If Gobo misses the Cheese Puffs, Gobo will ponder its mistake, and lose a point. Therefore, the points system is solely based on Gobo's success or failure at catching Cheese Puffs. You can change where the Cheese Puffs target is and Clone Gobo, allowing greater chances of winning. When Gobo is cloned, points work a little differentally. Considering that there are now 2 Gobo, their points interact with each other. When 1 Gobo hits Cheese Puffs and the other doesn't, this means 1 point is added to the score and 1 is taken away, ultimately leading to no change. This means you must get both Gobo to touch Cheese Puffs if you want the double points, but if they both miss, they lose double points. The game has no end, and the objective is to get as many points as you can.
The only place I found issues had to do with the end of my scripts. When I left the command at the end of a script as Stop All, it would often do nothing at all, or one part of my script might work while the rest doesn't. I then realized that if I left each ending as its own individual Stop This Script control, then each script ran completely as it was supposed to.
